Description of problem statement 2

1) Write a function that takes Season number and episode number as input
and gives all the information about that particular episode as output.

=> An arrow function is used which has 2 parameters- season number & episode number.
A for of loop is used which extracts the details of the episode along with season number.
In the if condition, a check is performed if it matches the season number and episode number from the inputs provided
with that of the details from the for of loop.

If the details are matched, the loops break.
If details are not found, a console error is printed.

Finally the function is called with the two arguments.

2) Write a function that can take any number of episode ids as input and
returns all the information about those episodes.

=> An arrow function is used .
A rest operator is passed as a parameter.
For in and for of loops are then used to extract the episode details from the Json array given.
If the numbers passed into the prompt matches with the episode details extracted, then the episode details are 
printed in the console.
Template literals are used to print the various details of the episode that matches.
If it doesnt match, then an error is printed in the console.

Since the episode in the argument can be any number, split method is used to split the passed arguemnts by a (,).
Finally the function is called with the argument in the form of rest operator.


3) Write a function to search episode by its name.

=> An arrow function is used .
For of loops are then used to extract the episode details from the Json array given.
If the episode name passed into the prompt matches with the episode name from the details extracted,
 then the episode details are printed in the console.
Lower case method is used to maintain consistency.
If it doesnt match, then an error is printed in the console.
Finally the function is called with the argument as the name of episode from the prompt.

